--- README ---

This README file will cover quick ways of using the API.
I will try to create a more in-depth README file when I get the time :)
For now I will only cover the real easy way to use the API.

IT IS POSSIBLE TO CONNECT TO MULTIPLE SPHERO DEVICES!

--- INSTALLATION ---

First way (Simple): Download the Sphero-Desktop-API-<VERSION>.zip file
which contains the library as a compressed .jar file and the java doc 
for the API. Then include the .jar file in your project in your favorite
IDE. All necessary libraries (Bluecove and native libraries) are included
in the .jar file for simple inclusion.

Second way (Not as simple): Checkout the source code (prepared somewhat
for Netbeans or Eclipse) and then either compile the code yourself or include
the created project as a source in a separate project. If you compile the 
source be sure to add the required libraries located in the "lib" file.


--- EXAMPLE ---

I've created a small example application that connects to an available
Sphero device and then sends some basic commands. This example is located in:

se.nicklasgavelin.sphero.example


--- HOW IT WAS CREATED & WHY ---

This API was created for Luleå University of Technology in Sweden during
my thesis work and is under no specific license (although read the LICENSE file)
and as such can be used freely by anyone that gets a copy of the library.
Although it would be nice with some recognition :)

The API uses Bluecove as a bluetooth library to communicate with the Sphero.
The bluetooth wrapper was created from scratch and is used to initialize
a communication channel to the Sphero devices and maintain this channel.
It also uses the log4j library to log some basic stuff about what's happening.

The API itself was mostly reverse engineered from the Android Sphero API and
messages are sent in a similar manner as the original Sphero API. Although this
API gives the possibility to connect to multiple Sphero devices and send individual
messages to the connected Spheros!


--- CONTACT ---

I'm available via mail at nicklas.gavelin@gmail.com for questions or suggestions
as I'm actively working on the API at the moment for my thesis work. I may not
have the time to answer all questions that arrive but I will of course do my best!

Happy coding!